change: [M3-7232] Rename isPropValid and update codebase & documentation (#9790)
linode/manager: docs/development-guide/02-component-structure.md

```
[ imports ]
[ types and interfaces ]
[ exported function component definition ]
[ styles ] (possibly in their own file)

> [ utility functions ] (possibly in their own file)

Author: Some of these documentation changes also cover some of our newest conventions, not just the intent of the PR.

```

Here is a minimal code example demonstrating the basic structure of a component file:

```tsx
import * as React from "react";
import { styled } from "@mui/material/styles";
import { omittedProps } from "src/utilities/omittedProps";

// If not exported, it can just be named `Props`
export interface SayHelloProps {
  name: string;
  isDisabled: boolean;
}

export const SayHello = (props: SayHelloProps) => {
  const { name, isDisabled } = props;

  return <StyledH1 isDisabled={isDisabled}>Hello, {capitalize(name)}</StyledH1>;
};

/**

>  * Should be moved in own SayHello.styles.ts if component was large.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * Should be moved to SayHello.styles.ts if component was large (> 100 lines).
```
As per https://github.com/linode/manager/blob/develop/docs/development-guide/02-component-structure.md#styles, figured it might be nice to reference here.

Author: done!

*/
const StyledH1 = styled("h1", {
  label: "StyledH1",

>   shouldForwardProp: (prop) => omittedProps(["isDisabled"], prop),

Reviewer 2: Did we consider further abstracting to something like 
```suggestion
  shouldForwardProp: omittedProps(['isDisabled'])
```

Is this something we considered? Are there drawbacks/advantages with this approach?

Author: good idea, i'll simplify it

Reviewer 2: Sounds good! Let me know what you find. Not sure if it's the right path forward, just a possibility!

Author: all set!  catching the prop at the utility level

})(({ theme, ...props }) => ({
  color: props.isDisabled ? theme.color.grey : theme.color.black,
}));

/**
* It's often a good idea to move utilities to their own files as well,
* either in the `src/utilities` directory if meant to be portable and reusable,
* or in the feature's directory as a .utils.ts file. ex: `SayHello.utils.ts`.

> * Isolation often makes them easier to test and reduce the main file size for better readability.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Isolation makes utils easier to test and reduces the main file size for better readability.
```

Author: 👍 done

> * Isolation often makes them easier to test and reduce the main file size for better readability.

Reviewer: ++ to this whole comment.

* Doing so also may also reveal the use case is already covered by an existing utility.
*/
export const capitalize = (s: string) => {
  return s.charAt(0).toUpperCase() + s.slice(1);
};
```

#### Imports

- Import React with `import * as React from 'react'`.
- Use absolute imports, e.g. `import { queryClient } from 'src/queries/base'`.
- Methods from the api-v4 package should be imported from `@linode/api-v4/lib/..`.

#### Composition

> When building a large component, it is recommended to break it down and avoid writing several components within the same file. It improves readability and testability. Components should in most cases come with their own unit test, although they can be skipped if an e2e suite is covering the functionality.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When building a large component, it is recommended to break it down and avoid writing several components within the same file. It improves readability and testability. Components should, in most cases, come with their own unit test, although they can be skipped if an e2e suite is covering the functionality.
```

Author: 👍 done

Utilities should almost always feature a unit test.

#### Styles

- With the transition to MUI v5, the [`styled`](https://mui.com/system/styled/) API, along with the [`sx` prop](https://mui.com/system/getting-started/the-sx-prop/), is the preferred way to specify component-specific styles.
  - Component-specific styles may be defined at the end of the component file or in a dedicated file, named `ComponentName.styles.ts`.
  - Component files longer than 100 lines must have these styles defined in a dedicated file.

##### Styled Components
- The `label` property in the `styled` API is used to provide a unique identifier for the component when it is being styled. This can be useful when debugging a large codebase, as it can help identify which component the style is being applied to. For example, if you have multiple instances of the `StyledH1` component, the `label` property can help you identify which instance is being styled in the browser's developer tools.
- There are cases where you don't want the prop to be forwarded to the DOM element, so we've provided a helper `omittedProps` to assist in these cases.

> It is the responsibility of the developer to check for any console error in case non-semantic props make their way to the dom. It is usually more clear when a component 

Reviewer: Unfinished thought?

Author: 🤦 removed
